README.md, before:

<a href="https://udacity.com/">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/A_man_of_learning_%28Avicenna%3F%29._Oil_painting_by_a_Ne_Wellcome_V0017691.jpg/416px-A_man_of_learning_%28Avicenna%3F%29._Oil_painting_by_a_Ne_Wellcome_V0017691.jpg" alt="readme logo" title="Project I: My Reads" align="right" height="60" />
</a>

# My Reads React Web App (React's Nanodegree):

The repository contains within the myreads project from udacity's nanodegree program
in its complete and functional form. This web application was built with react.js
and is an app used to actually have a mini-elibrary where we have shelves, books and 
the ability to search books online and add them to the library. 

## Table of content

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [installing](#installing)
- [Running Tests](#running-the-tests)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [And Coding Style tests](#and-coding-style-tests)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Licence](#licence)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgments)
- [Links](#links)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

First, you must have node and npm installed in your system. 
Also, a modern web browser is needed.

Yarn is prefered over npm. So you could optionally install yarn.

### Installing

Step I) First, open your preffered terminal/console and navigate to the project directory.

Step II) Then, run the command: npm install

Step III) Finally, after npm has installed all dependecies needed, run npm start, or if you
have yarn installed, type the command yarn start.

## Running the tests

No automated tests were done for this application, yet.

### Break down into end to end tests

No tests' description available.

### And coding style

The coding styles used are the coding styles provided by Udacity's Front-End nanodegree program, which were provided also for udacity's react.js nanodegree program.

## Deployment

Deployment section coming soon...

## Built With

* [react.js](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [react router](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management

## Contributing

Coming soon. 
## Versioning

Coming soon.

## Authors

* **Udacity** - *Initial work* - [Udacity](https://github.com/udacity/reactnd-project-myreads-starter)

* **Pedro A. R. Grillo Morales** - *Further work* 
## License

Coming soon...

## Acknowledgments

* First, middle, last, I thank Allah (swt) for giving me the ability to accomplish this Project!
  Him! Lord of the Worlds! He is One and none but Him! 
* Udacity tutors and everyone that helped at udacity's awesome cat-hat somes. 

## Links

* [Udacity's Website](https://udacity.com/)

Commit message:

Fix & Refactoring: Refactored the website code
Added media queries for screen sizes and responsiveness
--------------------------------------------
    + Made new media queries for responsiveness
    through all devices used (Nexus 5, Ipad, Desktop).

Bugs:
    - No breaks were found in the website until now.

Tests:
    - Tested that the website was overall, by the Udacity's project, metting all Rubric Specifications.

Git Commit #: 002

Imagination and memory reference: Hearing Qur'an at the moment of commit.

README.md, after:

<a href="https://udacity.com/">
    <img src="https://i.pinimg.com/564x/b3/ed/d5/b3edd57122fe4e4f1309ae778245ae15.jpg" alt="readme logo" title="Project I: My Reads" align="right" height="250" width="250"/>
</a>

# Portfolio Website (FSWD Nanodegree):

The repository contains within the portfolio project from udacity's
nanodegree program in its complete and functional form.
This website was built with html5, scss (compiled to css),
and it is a website presenting projects made
by myself (Pedro Grillo Morales).

## Table of content

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [installing](#installing)
- [Running Tests](#running-the-tests)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [And Coding Style tests](#and-coding-style-tests)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Licence](#licence)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgments)
- [Links](#links)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on
your local machine for development and testing purposes.
See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

First, you must have a modern browser in its latest version, preferably
Google Chrome, in your computer installed.

### Installing
No installation is needed, just copy the github repository, open the
directory of the project and you will see an index.html file,
double click on it and it will open chrome presenting
the portfolio website.

## Running the tests

No automated tests were done for this application, yet.

### Break down into end to end tests

No tests' description available.

### And coding style

The coding styles used are the coding styles provided by Udacity's
Full Stack Web Developer nanodegree program.

## Deployment

Deployment section coming soon...

## Built With

* [html5](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - Web Markup Language
* [scss](https://maven.apache.org/) - CSS Preprocessor

## Contributing

Coming soon. 
## Versioning

Coming soon.

## Authors

* **Udacity** - *Initial work* - [Udacity](https://github.com/udacity/reactnd-project-myreads-starter)

* **Pedro A. R. Grillo Morales** - *Further work* 
## License

Coming soon...

## Acknowledgments

* First, middle, last, I thank Allah (swt) for giving me the ability
  to accomplish this Project!
  Him! Lord of the Worlds! He is One and none but Him!
* Udacity tutors and everyone that helped at udacity's
  awesome cat-hat somes.
* Lastly, I would love to give credit to Mackenzie Child, that had a
  great video on portfolio website coding, which inspired me to do mine
  with such a styling (sometimes) one needs to look for good people
  to be inspired to do good things.
## Links

* [Udacity's Website](https://udacity.com/)
* [Mackenzie Child - How to Code a Portfolio Website](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEzxTJJM5Bo)
